So we got a question before,
which is, we made a select for
the various call out variants, and
there was a question of, I use an array of
the ones that are in there, but
I'm already getting my types for free.
Couldn't I get those values for free?
And this is a trick that I use
not just in design system,
e-storybook key things but a trick that
I use all throughout my code base.
I use it a lot with types you know
we're gonna get the types from CVA but
I'll show you the general trick.
And we can kind of all these fun little
extra components you can look at and
play with at some various points.
Sue, yeah, it was call out variants, the
big, yeah, what I could do is write this,
I don't have access to this object
because it's just passed in directly.
But one could if one needed like types,
the types I can use, but
I don't have a way to like,
get my hands on the actual keys, right?
And so a trick that I will do
is you can just grab this,
Right, and you can say,
Let's just call it variant.
Again, naming stuff is hard.
And we could export that wholesale,
And then we can just basically instead of
typing it in there and having a kind of
hard code is not the right word,
it's now a value that we're passing in.
Same code.
But now, we can get our hands on this,
so we could say something like,
I'm not thinking about naming things,
I will do this, but
I'm not gonna think about
the naming portion of the show.
Object keys.
You can't use an oncon on something
you didn't type directly.
So this is now a list of strings,
but it is our variations,
now various variations, you like that one?
So now we could pass that
into the select options.
Let's say I had something where
the type was something like this and
this is designed since otherwise like,
this is cool, but
I can't access this,
I couldn't pass this type in.
I can't derive a JavaScript
object from a type,
because that's not the value
prop of type script,
it's a superset over JavaScript, right,
and I can't do magical things like that.
So what I will do a lot of times if I both
want to use it as a set of values, and
then also need as a type,
I will handle this in the opposite way.
So what I'll do is I'll say,
I didn't use that somewhere else, did I?
Did I call something else variations,
whatever.
And what I would do is I'll
turn this to an array instead,
And Now just like this,
it is, I can't read the correct blocks,
where's the other one?
Goodbye.
Problem solved.
If I look at it right now it is
technically an array of strings.
Gross as const now makes it
an array of primary information,
success, danger, and warning.
And so what I'll do then is I'll say
type variations is based on that,
and so now I can derive my
union type from the array.
So now I can issue iterate over it as
values, right, and do all sorts of stuff
with the actual values of the type, but
still get it as a type at the same time.
I do this all throughout my code base,
cuz a lot of times I need both.
Right, and so this will give me
a union type based on an array so
I can do all my JavaScript stuff, and
interpolation and stuff along those lines.
The reason that I did not do it here for
us is because tailwind tries
to basically cut out any CSS class
that it doesn't detect you using.
The way that it detects you whether or
not you're using CSS class is it
just regexes your entire code base.
So if you start getting fancy with string
interpolation, it will not find the class.
They'll say,
they're never using BG primary 200,
rip that out of the style sheet,
and then you'll wonder why
you don't have a ring of danger 500 on
a text area or something like that.
So being really fancy with
metaprogramming and stuff.
In the case of tailwind classes, bad news
bears, but for lots of other very useful
things, I'll both have a type and
be able to iterate it over simultaneously.